plasticité;mécanisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
forme;mémorisation;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;lemme;de apprentissage
formes;mémorisation;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;nom;d' apprentissage
synapse;spécialisation;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
potentialisation;exemple;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
apprentissage;mémoire;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;lemme;de apprentissage
apprentissage;mémoire;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;nom;d' apprentissage
niveau;facilitation;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
conditionnement;processus;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
conditionnement;mécanisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
part;processus;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
sensibilisation;phénomène;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
déficit;mémoire;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;lemme;de apprentissage
déficit;mémoire;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;nom;d' apprentissage
motivation;général;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;lemme;de apprentissage
motivation;général;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;nom;d' apprentissage
rôle;cellule;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
type;forme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
activité;modification;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
term;processus;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
phénomène;niveau;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
