médicament;sorte;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
acte;acte;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
Aristote;artisan;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
médecine;malade;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
ouvrage;médecine;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
dépendance;forme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
machine;dualisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;où le
machine;dualisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
incapacité;possibilité;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
médication;proposition;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
créatinine;substance;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
habitude;majorité;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
latin;habitude;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
pratique;législation;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
pays;démarche;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
inutilité;frein;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
contexte;généralisation;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
vue;phénomène;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
processus;distinction;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
acte;sujet;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;où le
acte;sujet;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
médication;animal;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
