capacité;enfant;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;lemme;de apprentissage
capacités;enfant;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;nom;d' apprentissage
mythologie;analogie;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
âge;bronze;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
ville;enfant;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
alad;protéine;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
synthèse;accumulation;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
pays;majorité;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
situation;maladie;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
année;doigt;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
air;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
vapeur;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
plomb;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
plomb;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
lait;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
régions;dépistage;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;où le
essence;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
carafe;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
temps;usage;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
atteinte;faiblesse;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
plomb;perturbateur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
maladie;détection;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
pays;saturnisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;où le
pays;saturnisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
