informatique;domaine;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
théorisation;ordinateur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
science;science;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
calculabilité;manière;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
ensemble;application;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
matériel;ensemble;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
ordinateur;machine;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
système;appareil;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
console;vidéo;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
appareil;appareil;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
carte;information;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
robot;appareil;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
appareil;assemblage;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
bus;ensemble;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
stockage;circuit;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
disque;mémoire;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
écran;surface;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
moniteur;écran;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
protocole;norm;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
logiciel;ensemble;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
exemple;logiciel;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
exemple;logiciel;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
exploitation;système;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
posi;norm;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
base;information;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
sgbd;système;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
informatique;secteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
néologisme;abréviation;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
distribution;point;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
marché;appareil;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
assembleur;société;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
logiciel;ensemble;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
micrologiciel;logiciel;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
industrie;secteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
consultant;personne;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
service;société;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
logiciel;activité;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
