région;transmission;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
expédition;désastr;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
découverte;équipe;r_has_diagnostic.txt;lemme;être confirmer par un
épandage;protection;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
as02a;protéine;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
cible;parasite;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
majorité;enfant;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
assèchement;cause;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
reforestation;facteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
militaires;paludisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;où le
saison;transmission;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
pays;paludisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
région;transmission;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
possibilité;facteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;être un
possibilité;facteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
fièvre;fièvre;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
œdème;complication;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
fièvre;paludisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
enfant;nourrisson;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
Infection;moyen;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
île;paludisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;où le
réunion;territoire;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
fruits;paludisme;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;où le
naturel;alternative;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
exemple;timbre;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
