période;personne;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
stade;syndrome;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
mémoire;besoin;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;lemme;de apprentissage
mémoire;besoin;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;nom;d' apprentissage
conséquence;apathie;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
maladie;maladie;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
protéine;forme;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
apprentissage;ouvrent;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;lemme;de apprentissage
apprentissage;ouvrent;r_processus_vers_agent.txt;nom;d' apprentissage
étape;bilan;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
milieu;facteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;nom;être un
milieu;facteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
manière;facteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
risque;facteur;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
eau;source;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
région;eau;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
centre;dégénérescence;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
étape;bilan;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
hyperhomocystéinémie;risque;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
projet;système;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
pays;espérance;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
état;état;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
pays;incidence;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;où le
time;projet;r_has_symptomes.txt;lemme;être un
